Shahjalal Islami Bank Limited (SJIBL) commenced its commercial operation in accordance with principle of Islamic Shariah on the 10th May 2001 under the Bank Companies Act, 1991. During these years SJIBL has diversified its service coverage by opening new branches at different strategically important locations across the country offering various service products both investment & deposit. Islamic Banking, in essence, is not only INTEREST-FREE banking business, it carries deal wise business product thereby generating real income and thus boosting GDP of the economy. Board of Directors enjoys high credential in the business arena of the country, Management Team is strong and supportive equipped with excellent professional knowledge under leadership of a veteran Banker Mr. Muhammed Shahidul Islam.




To be the unique modern Islami Bank in Bangladesh and to make significant contribution to the national economy and enhance customers' trust & wealth, quality investment, employees' value and rapid growth in shareholders' equity.



To provide quality services to customers.
To set high standards of integrity.
To make quality investment.
To ensure sustainable growth in business.
To ensure maximization of Shareholders' wealth.
To extend our customers innovative services acquiring state-of-the-art technology blended with Islamic principles.
To ensure human resource development to meet the challenges of the time.



To strive for customers best satisfaction & earn their confidence.
To manage & operate the Bank in the most effective manner.
To identify customers needs & monitor their perception towards meeting those requirements.
To review & updates policies, procedures & practices to enhance the ability to extend better services to the customers.
To train & develop all employees & provide them adequate resources so that the customers needs are reasonably addressed.
To promote organizational efficiency by communicating company plans, polices & procedures openly to the employees in a timely fashion.
To cultivate a congenial working environment.
To diversify portfolio both the retail & wholesale markets.
